docs/terms.md, before:

---
icon: book
label: Terms Of Use
tags: [Overview]
image: /assets/whg_headbanner.png
order: 99
authors:
  - name: Whitehill
    avatar: /assets/whg_profile.png
---
# Terms Of Use

![](/assets/banners/whg_tou.png)

What you can, and what you can't.

!!!danger Important Notice

By buying and using our products, you agree to follow these terms. 
Failure to abide by these terms may result in your licence being revoked or a blacklist being issued, based on the severity of the incident.

!!!

---

## General Terms

These terms apply to all products manufactured by Whitehill Group and it's subsidiaries.

=== Unauthorized Access and Modification

You agree not to bypass, interfere with, or attempt to circumvent the licensing systems implemented in our products.
You also agree not to modify, alter, or tamper with any engine scripts without explicit authorization.

=== Branding & Logo Retention

You agree not to remove or alter logos included on provided models, except where UI customization is permitted.
You agree not to use the JSM, Whitehill or DWProx logo on any product not manufactured by Whitehill Group.

!!!light JSM Freestyle Exception
The UI logo must remain intact. The machine chassis may be rebranded only to match your game’s theme, not to represent your own company or brand identity.
!!!

=== Asset Usage Restrictions

You agree not to use any assets supplied with our products in any external models, projects, or products not manufactured 
by Whitehill Group, including personal use, unless you have received explicit permission from a Senior Executive or above.

=== Redistribution Limitations

You agree not to redistribute, share, or repackage any licensed assets. Redistribution for personal financial gain is strictly prohibited.

!!!light JSM SelfCheckout Clause
The distribution of custom UI themes is permitted, as well as the distribution of any 3rd party products/terminal models compatible with SCO v3, **as long as no Whitehill assets are distributed alongside it.**
!!!

===

---

!!!question Something unclear?
Contact our support team via our [Discord server](https://discord.whitehill.group/) and we'll be more than happy to resolve your issue.
!!!

Commit message:

[added]: all of net2+ and v3; terms: refund clause; [changed]: eas/api: header; restyled all configuration files for all products (better intuitiveness);

docs/terms.md, after:

---
icon: book
label: Terms Of Use
tags: [Overview]
image: /assets/whg_headbanner.png
order: 99
authors:
  - name: Whitehill
    avatar: /assets/whg_profile.png
---
# Terms Of Use

![](/assets/banners/whg_tou.png)

What you can, and what you can't.

!!!danger Important Notice

By buying and using our products, you agree to follow these terms. 
Failure to abide by these terms may result in your licence being revoked or a blacklist being issued, based on the severity of the incident.

!!!

---

## General Terms

These terms apply to all products manufactured by Whitehill Group and it's subsidiaries.

=== Unauthorized Access and Modification

You agree not to bypass, interfere with, or attempt to circumvent the licensing systems implemented in our products.
You also agree not to modify, alter, or tamper with any engine scripts without explicit authorization.

=== Branding & Logo Retention

You agree not to remove or alter logos included on provided models, except where UI customization is permitted.
You agree not to use the JSM, Whitehill or DWProx logo on any product not manufactured by Whitehill Group.

!!!light JSM Freestyle Exception
The UI logo must remain intact. The machine chassis may be rebranded only to match your game’s theme, not to represent your own company or brand identity.
!!!

=== Asset Usage Restrictions

You agree not to use any assets supplied with our products in any external models, projects, or products not manufactured 
by Whitehill Group, including personal use, unless you have received explicit permission from a Senior Executive or above.

=== Redistribution Limitations

You agree not to redistribute, share, or repackage any licensed assets. Redistribution for personal financial gain is strictly prohibited.

!!!light JSM SelfCheckout Clause
The distribution of custom UI themes is permitted, as well as the distribution of any 3rd party products/terminal models compatible with SCO v3, **as long as no Whitehill assets are distributed alongside it.**
!!!

===

---

## Refund Terms

=== Stripe Purchases

Purchases made via Stripe using real currency are eligible for refund within 30 days of the purchase date. 
After this period, refunds are not possible due to Stripe's policies.

=== Robux Purchases

Pursuant to Roblox's User and Creator Terms of Use, all purchases made with Robux are final, non-refundable, and non-reversible unless Roblox intervenes directly. 
Whitehill Group, as the developer, is not authorized to process refunds for Robux purchases under any circumstances.

===

---

!!!question Something unclear?
Contact our support team via our [Discord server](https://discord.whitehill.group/) and we'll be more than happy to resolve your issue.
!!!
